WIP: cre technical patterns (#9)
ContainerSolutions/cloud-native-patterns: technical.md

---
title: Technical Patterns

> description: "Patterns that focus on how to manage and operate Cloud Native services whilst ensuring their reliability and security."

Reviewer: I have tried to add a description but its a work in progress (and def better than "yadayada").

Would def appreciate input from others to try and get it to a sentence that encompasses what these patterns are about.

Reviewer 2: Looks pretty close to me. Is this an improvement?

```suggestion
description: "Patterns that focus on the technical and architectural aspects of how to build and operate Cloud Native services whilst ensuring their reliability and security."
```

Reviewer: Thanks. That is better now.
